[docs] Adding info about Log Retention Settings Discrepancy in kube-bench test (#11352)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/002-deckhouse/docs/FAQ.md

kubectl logs job.batch/kube-bench
```

> {% offtopic title="**Caution.** Warning: Log Retention Settings Discrepancy" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% offtopic title="Mismatched log retention periods" %}
```

> When deploying a Kubernetes cluster using Deckhouse, please be aware of the log retention settings. By default, Deckhouse sets the log retention period to 7 days. However, according to the security requirements specified in kube-bench, logs should be retained for at least 30 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a Kubernetes cluster using Deckhouse, be aware of the log retention settings. By default, Deckhouse sets the log retention period to 7 days. However, according to the security requirements specified in kube-bench, logs should be retained for at least 30 days.
```

> Recommendation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recommendations:
```

* Pay attention to potential discrepancies with kube-bench requirements when configuring log retention parameters.

> * If you decide to extend the log retention period beyond 7 days, it is recommended to use separate storage for logs. This will help avoid potential performance issues and ensure data preservation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you need to keep logs for more than 7 days, use a separate storage for logs. This will help avoid potential performance issues and ensure data preservation.
```
